Lashon Brown Jr.: Foreign.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Welcome back to another episode of Between
Pastor Brent McQuay: Sermons. If it's your first time here,
Pastor Brent McQuay: what we do is we take the
Pastor Brent McQuay: Sunday monologue, the sermon, you know, guy
Pastor Brent McQuay: standing on a stage talking at you,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and we turn it into dialogue where
Pastor Brent McQuay: we can actually sit down, dig a
Pastor Brent McQuay: little bit deeper, talk about maybe some
Pastor Brent McQuay: of the stuff that we kind of
Pastor Brent McQuay: just skim past in the message. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so I hope that this conversation is
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to be beneficial for you. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: as always, really, the one doing the
Pastor Brent McQuay: heavy lifting today is our wonderful co
Pastor Brent McQuay: host, Taisha.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Why am I clapping for yourself?
Pastor Brent McQuay: You're like, yay, he acknowledged me.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, it's right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I do the hard work here.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You know, we're not going to revisit
Ti'heasha Beasley: that conversation. We talked about it last
Ti'heasha Beasley: week. When someone. Let's get Lashawn to
Ti'heasha Beasley: chime in. When someone's the co host.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Who's leading the show. The host or
Ti'heasha Beasley: the co host?
Lashon Brown Jr.: Co host leader.
Ti'heasha Beasley: The host. Say it louder.
Pastor Brent McQuay: See, I disagree. I think the term
Pastor Brent McQuay: co means equal.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm just joking.
Pastor Brent McQuay: In it together, y' all.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Both.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right, okay, Right. But it was so
Ti'heasha Beasley: funny because in your intro, you were
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, on Sunday, you see the man
Ti'heasha Beasley: standing on the stage and I was
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, yesterday you were the man. You
Ti'heasha Beasley: were the man standing on the stairs.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Is that like a. Nathan, you're the
Pastor Brent McQuay: man.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You're the man.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't want that one.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, no, it's more like, you're the
Ti'heasha Beasley: man. I loved how you. You said
Ti'heasha Beasley: that. Did you see, did you catch
Ti'heasha Beasley: that piece when he was like, you're
Ti'heasha Beasley: the man. That Nathan said to David.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And then it was like, not, you're
Ti'heasha Beasley: the man, but like, you're the man.
Lashon Brown Jr.: No, like, you the man. Like, yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And the. The sad thing is there's
Pastor Brent McQuay: a lot of people in society that
Pastor Brent McQuay: would be like, high fiving. David be
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, man.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right? Good job.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You're the man.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yep. In 2025, you're right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No, no, that's not how we play.
Lashon Brown Jr.: No, that part was hilarious. That was
Lashon Brown Jr.: funny.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It was so cool. So we are
Ti'heasha Beasley: still in our called sermon series and
Ti'heasha Beasley: I've been loving it so far. How
Ti'heasha Beasley: about you, Lashawn?
Lashon Brown Jr.: Been amazing, man. I text PB yesterday.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I'm such a fan.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You're a fan of Brent?
Lashon Brown Jr.: Oh, yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Really? Unpack this.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Oh, my God, please stop. Put me
Lashon Brown Jr.: on stop.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That is not the purpose of this.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm just playing. People want to know
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm people and I'm just playing. We
Ti'heasha Beasley: can talk later.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Oh, grid.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Off grid.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So special.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But you are a fan. Of Pastor
Ti'heasha Beasley: Brett. The sermon, though, how the sermon
Ti'heasha Beasley: series do you think is something as
Ti'heasha Beasley: relevant to 2025 or just now for
Ti'heasha Beasley: God's people?
Lashon Brown Jr.: The call series? Yeah, it's. I think
Lashon Brown Jr.: people just want to know about the
Lashon Brown Jr.: characters that we read about. You know
Lashon Brown Jr.: what I'm saying? So having a clear
Lashon Brown Jr.: picture, a viewpoint on what we're reading,
Lashon Brown Jr.: it will help us kind of understand
Lashon Brown Jr.: their life, the way they move. I
Lashon Brown Jr.: love what PB said yesterday. The Bible
Lashon Brown Jr.: is so interesting. I tell people it's
Lashon Brown Jr.: like, I'm visual. So when I read
Lashon Brown Jr.: the Bible, I literally see, like, a
Lashon Brown Jr.: movie in my head. So I'll just
Lashon Brown Jr.: be seeing all these. I'm like, this
Lashon Brown Jr.: is crazy. So just seeing, like, David.
Lashon Brown Jr.: David's like, one of my favorite Bible
Lashon Brown Jr.: characters.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Really?
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah. I feel like I relate to
Lashon Brown Jr.: him so much, from the music aspect
Lashon Brown Jr.: to lust. That's one of my testimonies,
Lashon Brown Jr.: dealing with pornography addiction and stuff like
Lashon Brown Jr.: that. So I haven't killed nobody. I
Lashon Brown Jr.: want to say that. But, yeah. Just
Lashon Brown Jr.: seeing David's life, his humility and his
Lashon Brown Jr.: heart after God has always inspired me,
Lashon Brown Jr.: man. So, yeah, I think the cause
Lashon Brown Jr.: is important so we can learn more
Lashon Brown Jr.: about who we're reading about.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So, yeah, I do like that Even
Ti'heasha Beasley: how you shared seeing his life and
Ti'heasha Beasley: unpacking it, how you relate to it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So I. That's my prayer for this
Ti'heasha Beasley: series, is that people find a character
Ti'heasha Beasley: and they're like, man, this is very
Ti'heasha Beasley: similar to my story. Was that kind
Ti'heasha Beasley: of the.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, to a degree. Like it. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: we're. We always want to be able
Pastor Brent McQuay: to see, like, what is the modern.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't know. Application.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: For these. These stories, because these are
Pastor Brent McQuay: real people going through real situations, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: we're real people going through real situations.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So there's parallels and there's lessons that
Pastor Brent McQuay: we can learn. It's definitely week one,
Pastor Brent McQuay: two, four, and five are definitely gonna
Pastor Brent McQuay: be like, oh, I can identify with
Pastor Brent McQuay: that guy. I want to do it
Pastor Brent McQuay: like that guy. Next week is gonna
Pastor Brent McQuay: be the opposite of that, though.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Next week is gonna be. Here's the
Pastor Brent McQuay: guy that screwed it all up. Don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: be like, this guy. So that'll be
Pastor Brent McQuay: fun.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Some people may be able to.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, I mean, we can all relate
Pastor Brent McQuay: to failures, too. I mean, we looked
Pastor Brent McQuay: at a failure of David yesterday, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: we can all relate to failures. But,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, next week is on Saul, and,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, Saul's entire story is just like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: no, don't do this, don't do this,
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't do this, don't do this, don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: do this.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So help Us unpack David before we
Ti'heasha Beasley: get into conversation. So what's a little
Ti'heasha Beasley: bit of David's story and what you
Ti'heasha Beasley: kind of covered in your message yesterday,
Ti'heasha Beasley: man.
Pastor Brent McQuay: A little bit of David's story is
Pastor Brent McQuay: hard to do. So David is the
Pastor Brent McQuay: second most mentioned person in the Bible.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's Jesus and then him and then
Pastor Brent McQuay: Moses. And David and Moses are actually
Pastor Brent McQuay: really close to each other as far
Pastor Brent McQuay: as how many chapters we actually have
Pastor Brent McQuay: about their life. There's technically more written
Pastor Brent McQuay: around Moses, but it's not about Moses,
Pastor Brent McQuay: if that makes sense, in the same
Pastor Brent McQuay: way that it's actually about David. So,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, Moses name shows up in the
Pastor Brent McQuay: New Testament more than David's name. Anyways.
Pastor Brent McQuay: How do you know nerdy things that
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't matter to anybody's salvation one day?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Were you just counting, like, research? Chat.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Chat was. Have you named your chat?
Pastor Brent McQuay: No.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay. Anyway, let's keep moving.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't know that I use chat
Pastor Brent McQuay: enough to.
Ti'heasha Beasley: To name it. Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: To name it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I call my best friend.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I do think chat can be a
Pastor Brent McQuay: great research tool.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm actually gonna sit in on a
Pastor Brent McQuay: live stream. I think it's tomorrow.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: About, like, using AI for. For research
Pastor Brent McQuay: purposes. The thing that you have to
Pastor Brent McQuay: be cautious with is I've had a
Pastor Brent McQuay: few people catch AI like, lying.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, making up quotes and stuff. So,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, you kind of have to, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: use it as, like, the starting point
Pastor Brent McQuay: and then continue your research. It's a
Pastor Brent McQuay: little bit dangerous to just be like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: AI, tell me how to live my
Pastor Brent McQuay: life.
Ti'heasha Beasley: How many times Moses and David listed.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But anyways, so. So. So, yeah, fun
Pastor Brent McQuay: times. So. So basically what I'm getting
Pastor Brent McQuay: at is we've got a lot of
Pastor Brent McQuay: David stuff story. And so if you
Pastor Brent McQuay: want to know David's story, you have
Pastor Brent McQuay: to read nearly all of First Samuel.
Pastor Brent McQuay: He shows up in. I forget now,
Pastor Brent McQuay: is chapter six or chapter 13 somewhere
Pastor Brent McQuay: in there. And then you have to
Pastor Brent McQuay: read all of that. Then you have
Pastor Brent McQuay: to read, like, most of, if not
Pastor Brent McQuay: all of Two Samuel. So First Samuel,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you get David before being king. Second
Pastor Brent McQuay: Samuel, you get David as king. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: there's just a lot of stories there,
Pastor Brent McQuay: a lot of fascination. So we just
Pastor Brent McQuay: narrowed it down to three moments. On
Pastor Brent McQuay: Sunday, we looked at his anointing, like
Pastor Brent McQuay: the actual moment when he is anointed
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be king by Samuel. Then we
Pastor Brent McQuay: looked at his. What I would argue
Pastor Brent McQuay: his greatest victory. He had other victories
Pastor Brent McQuay: that were probably more monumental. But it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: David and Goliath. Like, like, literally, like
Pastor Brent McQuay: everybody. Like, it's become a popular phrase.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, for people that don't even read
Pastor Brent McQuay: the Bible or know about the Bible.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The underdog beating the top dog is
Pastor Brent McQuay: always a David versus Goliath moment. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, it's very iconic. And then the
Pastor Brent McQuay: third moment we looked at was what
Pastor Brent McQuay: I would probably argue his greatest failure.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And he did have other failures. If
Pastor Brent McQuay: you are a father, don't take your
Pastor Brent McQuay: father advice from David. He was maybe
Pastor Brent McQuay: the worst dad in the Bible. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so, yeah, so he had some major
Pastor Brent McQuay: failures as a parent with his kids,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but his failure with Bathsheba is pretty
Pastor Brent McQuay: iconic as well.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Iconic failure?
Pastor Brent McQuay: How do you have a top tier
Pastor Brent McQuay: failure? I don't know, man. It's just
Pastor Brent McQuay: bad. So, yeah, so David breaks. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: say half of the ten Commandments for
Pastor Brent McQuay: other people say all ten Commandments, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's like, I don't know, they took
Pastor Brent McQuay: the Lord's name in vain in doing
Pastor Brent McQuay: this. You have to twist it in
Pastor Brent McQuay: order for that to fit. Like, did
Pastor Brent McQuay: he not honor his father and mother?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Well, like, I mean, maybe like, his
Pastor Brent McQuay: mom and dad probably didn't want him
Pastor Brent McQuay: to do that. But then there's also
Pastor Brent McQuay: this whole theology of, like, it's possible
Pastor Brent McQuay: that David was born out of an
Pastor Brent McQuay: affair.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Stop.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Because, no, there's a song where he
Pastor Brent McQuay: says, out of iniquity, I was conceived.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so, like, it doesn't.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It doesn't sound like I read that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Well, like, it doesn't. It doesn't. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: not a statement that, like, guarantees, oh,
Pastor Brent McQuay: his. His mom had an affair and
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's how David was born. But it
Pastor Brent McQuay: fits some of the narrative. It's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: maybe that's why Jesse was like, let's
Pastor Brent McQuay: not include David in this. But the
Pastor Brent McQuay: Bible isn't specific enough for us to
Pastor Brent McQuay: definitively say yes or no. Because there's
Pastor Brent McQuay: other explanations for. For all that stuff,
Pastor Brent McQuay: too. Was that enough nerding out for
Pastor Brent McQuay: you?
Ti'heasha Beasley: That was good. But you're right. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: feel like there's so much more to
Ti'heasha Beasley: his story.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Oh, man, really good. David's story. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: his. His whole interaction with Saul, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: know, cutting off the edge of his
Pastor Brent McQuay: robe and then repenting of it. And,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, his relationship with Jonathan, his mighty
Pastor Brent McQuay: men that he puts together. Like, it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just. There's all kinds of great stuff.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Do we have a David movie that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I've said that before. Like, we need.
Pastor Brent McQuay: We need a good David movie. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: it would have to be like a
Pastor Brent McQuay: whole series of movies because, like, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think you'd have to just rapid fire.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You'd have to skip over so many
Pastor Brent McQuay: amazing stories and moments. You've got David
Pastor Brent McQuay: Encouraging himself in the Lord when his
Pastor Brent McQuay: men are about to revolt against him.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, you got David in the cave,
Pastor Brent McQuay: bringing this group of misfits all together.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like David. There's so many good David
Pastor Brent McQuay: stories.
Lashon Brown Jr.: They do have the series, the House
Lashon Brown Jr.: of David series.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I haven't seen it, but I've heard
Pastor Brent McQuay: mixed things. But mostly positive.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah, it's good. So in the, in
Lashon Brown Jr.: the series, to kind of give that
Lashon Brown Jr.: concept of David was born out of.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Out of affair.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Wow.
Lashon Brown Jr.: To kind of get context of why
Lashon Brown Jr.: his dad and stuff like that. And.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah. So it's, it's. It's a. I
Lashon Brown Jr.: tell people when you watch, when you
Lashon Brown Jr.: watch Bible movies or series, don't just
Lashon Brown Jr.: go off that because it's also some
Lashon Brown Jr.: form of entertainment.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Lashon Brown Jr.: You know what I'm saying? So they
Lashon Brown Jr.: add things.
Ti'heasha Beasley: They have creative liberties.
Lashon Brown Jr.: But it's like when you read your
Lashon Brown Jr.: word, it's like, man, I get to
Lashon Brown Jr.: like visually see.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Lashon Brown Jr.: See this on screen. It was just
Lashon Brown Jr.: amazing. Like, it was for me the
Lashon Brown Jr.: most. The dopest part was seeing an
Lashon Brown Jr.: actual giant look like a giant in
Lashon Brown Jr.: a movie. Not them just framing the
Lashon Brown Jr.: camera, making him look big. So he
Lashon Brown Jr.: actually looked like huge. Like Goliath did.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. Yeah. I need to binge that.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Been binging everything but biblical things.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm just stay out of the conversation
Pastor Brent McQuay: or else I'm get people mad at
Pastor Brent McQuay: me that I still haven't watched Chosen.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You. Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Every time I bring it up, somebody's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, how are you even a Christian?
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm like, how? I think we should
Ti'heasha Beasley: vote him off.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The scene until I watch Chosen. How
Pastor Brent McQuay: many seasons are there now?
Lashon Brown Jr.: It might take me a while.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's even like a chosen movie, isn't
Ti'heasha Beasley: it?
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah, but it's, it's. It's not, it's
Lashon Brown Jr.: not the same.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's not the same as the series.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I agree.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So when I. When I think about
Ti'heasha Beasley: David's life, the thing that stands out
Ti'heasha Beasley: to me is God said that he
Ti'heasha Beasley: was a man after his own heart.
Ti'heasha Beasley: What. How does that make you feel?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, first of all, does God have
Ti'heasha Beasley: favorites? Can we. I need to unpack
Ti'heasha Beasley: that. Because, like, there's a lot of
Ti'heasha Beasley: people in scripture. But for him to
Ti'heasha Beasley: say, like, this is a man after
Ti'heasha Beasley: my own heart. Why do you think
Ti'heasha Beasley: that was something given to him?
Lashon Brown Jr.: I think relationship, you know, after his
Lashon Brown Jr.: own heart. I believe, man, David knew
Lashon Brown Jr.: God's heart cause he was in relationship
Lashon Brown Jr.: with him. And I think that's why
Lashon Brown Jr.: I love David so much. Cause I
Lashon Brown Jr.: see other like characters in the Bible
Lashon Brown Jr.: where almost they didn't seem as favorites.
Lashon Brown Jr.: It's like David just kept doing and
Lashon Brown Jr.: doing and God, like, it's all right,
Lashon Brown Jr.: man. You know, he's after my heart.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I think having kids gave me a
Lashon Brown Jr.: perspective of. I don't think God has
Lashon Brown Jr.: favorites. I think it's certain connections with
Lashon Brown Jr.: your kids is different than this kid,
Lashon Brown Jr.: this child. So it's certain things that
Lashon Brown Jr.: Chloe do that's like, oh, my God.
Lashon Brown Jr.: You know what I'm saying? And certain
Lashon Brown Jr.: things that Melody do, that's just amazing
Lashon Brown Jr.: as well. And I think that's just
Lashon Brown Jr.: the beauty of God, of us all
Lashon Brown Jr.: having our own connection, relationship with God,
Lashon Brown Jr.: God and stuff like that. But, yeah,
Lashon Brown Jr.: I just always saw David as PB
Lashon Brown Jr.: spoke yesterday. No matter what situation, what.
Lashon Brown Jr.: What he did or sin he committed,
Lashon Brown Jr.: he always went back to his first
Lashon Brown Jr.: love, which is being in the. In
Lashon Brown Jr.: the. In the fields, being by himself
Lashon Brown Jr.: with just him and God and just
Lashon Brown Jr.: learning and just speaking with God and
Lashon Brown Jr.: stuff like that. So, yeah, a man
Lashon Brown Jr.: after. After God's heart. I wanted to
Lashon Brown Jr.: please God. Wanted to just be with
Lashon Brown Jr.: him. Just not wanting to lose it.
Lashon Brown Jr.: What's that scripture where he says, don't
Lashon Brown Jr.: take your spirit from me. Just do
Lashon Brown Jr.: the vac. You can take everything else.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Like, I would be sad. I'll be,
Lashon Brown Jr.: you know, mad that I lost that.
Lashon Brown Jr.: But I see the importance of having
Lashon Brown Jr.: your. Your spirit with me. So, yeah,
Lashon Brown Jr.: that's good. Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So I'm thinking about that. The beginning
Ti'heasha Beasley: of David's life when he was the
Ti'heasha Beasley: least likely. Like, like you shared Pastor
Ti'heasha Beasley: Brent, how they were c. They went
Ti'heasha Beasley: to his father, was like, show me
Ti'heasha Beasley: your sons.
Lashon Brown Jr.: And.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And they forget to show David. And
Ti'heasha Beasley: it's like the father's like, well, because
Ti'heasha Beasley: you. Do you really want David? So,
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, unpack that. Like what?
Pastor Brent McQuay: So, yeah, so it is a. It
Pastor Brent McQuay: is a really funny theme throughout the
Pastor Brent McQuay: Bible. Like, the bless. The largest blessing
Pastor Brent McQuay: always goes to the firstborn. Except when
Pastor Brent McQuay: it doesn't.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it's one of those where it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like. I think we actually see more
Pastor Brent McQuay: like specific cases of where it doesn't
Pastor Brent McQuay: than when it does. Like, even, like
Pastor Brent McQuay: Joseph's boys. Like, his father, like, flips
Pastor Brent McQuay: his hands around and blesses the wrong
Pastor Brent McQuay: kid. You've got. Which. Why am I
Pastor Brent McQuay: blanking on names right now? Jacob and
Pastor Brent McQuay: Esau. You got. Esau is the oldest,
Pastor Brent McQuay: but Jacob gets the blessing. You've got
Pastor Brent McQuay: Joseph, who's the second to youngest. You.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You've got David, who is the youngest.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, it's constantly man. But yeah, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jewish culture is all about the firstborn
Pastor Brent McQuay: gets the double Portion the double anointing.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so like when you are picking
Pastor Brent McQuay: kings, you go to the firstborn. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's obvious, right? Like, and even societally,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, we, we've kind of done the
Pastor Brent McQuay: same thing like throughout history. It's the
Pastor Brent McQuay: firstborn son that takes over for the
Pastor Brent McQuay: father. And so it's just, it's just
Pastor Brent McQuay: funny to me that like so much
Pastor Brent McQuay: of the Jewish culture and everything in
Pastor Brent McQuay: the Bible is all about the, this
Pastor Brent McQuay: firstborn. And then God just constantly is
Pastor Brent McQuay: picking somebody else, which just, I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: it just really goes back to I
Pastor Brent McQuay: can preach. I think it just goes
Pastor Brent McQuay: back to that statement where God is
Pastor Brent McQuay: telling Samuel, like, don't look at the
Pastor Brent McQuay: outward appearance. I know that everything says
Pastor Brent McQuay: it should be a liability. Everything said,
Pastor Brent McQuay: he's the oldest, he's the strongest, he's
Pastor Brent McQuay: the tallest, he's, he's handsome. Like, he.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Everything points to him. But all of
Pastor Brent McQuay: that is out external. It's all superficial.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And God's like, no, I'm looking for
Pastor Brent McQuay: somebody whose heart is after me. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so when God looks at the heart,
Pastor Brent McQuay: man, it's so much more important than
Pastor Brent McQuay: all the fluff on the outside.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I want to know how much bigger.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Because in scripture it talks about how
Lashon Brown Jr.: David said he was brown, handsome, strong
Lashon Brown Jr.: man. How did his brothers look? Because
Lashon Brown Jr.: that he was, you know, compared.
Pastor Brent McQuay: To them, he was like, it had
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be a good looking family. It
Pastor Brent McQuay: had to be a good looking family.
Pastor Brent McQuay: They're all.
Lashon Brown Jr.: He must have been like, bowed like.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Body ruddy and handsome.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's it, man. So, okay, Lashawn, let's.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Let's go a little deeper. Was there
Ti'heasha Beasley: a time in your life where you
Ti'heasha Beasley: felt like you were the least likely,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you know, given where you are now?
Ti'heasha Beasley: You are our worship director here at
Ti'heasha Beasley: Disciples Church. Are you killing it? We
Ti'heasha Beasley: all agree you are. God is using
Ti'heasha Beasley: you and you're very humble about it,
Ti'heasha Beasley: so we appreciate that. So tell us
Ti'heasha Beasley: your journey. Like, was there at least
Ti'heasha Beasley: likely moment where he was like, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: will never probably be chosen for something
Ti'heasha Beasley: like this. What. What's your origin story?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Is. Am I saying that correctly?
Lashon Brown Jr.: Origin?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yes, sorry, we were talking about like
Pastor Brent McQuay: Marvel and DC before.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I would say all my life I
Lashon Brown Jr.: felt hidden. I felt like David just
Lashon Brown Jr.: kind of one that was in the
Lashon Brown Jr.: back. Even still to this day, I.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I'm content with being hidden. But for
Lashon Brown Jr.: the longest man, it was like, man,
Lashon Brown Jr.: why is this person. I'm living right?
Lashon Brown Jr.: I love God. I know this person
Lashon Brown Jr.: is. They really don't have a heart
Lashon Brown Jr.: for God, but they're growing. Their ministry
Lashon Brown Jr.: is going Their music is doing amazing.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I believe God protects those he love.
Lashon Brown Jr.: And what I've learned was, because of
Lashon Brown Jr.: what I carry, as I learned.
Pastor Brent McQuay: He.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Doesn'T want me to go down the
Lashon Brown Jr.: same path. So sometimes it's stuff that
Lashon Brown Jr.: we don't see in ourselves that God
Lashon Brown Jr.: wants us to handle and to take
Lashon Brown Jr.: care of so we can be true
Lashon Brown Jr.: representation. Representation of what he's called us
Lashon Brown Jr.: to be and stuff. So, yeah, I've
Lashon Brown Jr.: always felt in the background a pk.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Both sides. Both my grandfathers were pastors,
Lashon Brown Jr.: and then my dad ended up becoming
Lashon Brown Jr.: a pastor as well. And I was
Lashon Brown Jr.: just a little kid. A drummer.
Ti'heasha Beasley: The drummer.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I played drums. Yeah, that's.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Did you know he could play? Really?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Of course I know.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Lashan or something.
Pastor Brent McQuay: We talk.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Y' all talk.
Pastor Brent McQuay: We know each other.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Okay.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I didn't know.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah. So, yeah, that's my first interview.
Lashon Brown Jr.: That's my girl, Sydney. Yeah, man. So,
Lashon Brown Jr.: yeah, I just play drums, and then
Lashon Brown Jr.: I just wanted to be in the
Lashon Brown Jr.: background. What's crazy is people laugh. Nobody
Lashon Brown Jr.: even knew I could sing until I
Lashon Brown Jr.: was about 13, 14. I would purposely
Lashon Brown Jr.: sing bad when my family was around
Lashon Brown Jr.: just so they wouldn't. Yeah, it was
Lashon Brown Jr.: crazy.
Ti'heasha Beasley: How do you fake that singing?
Lashon Brown Jr.: Well, I don't know. I think it's
Lashon Brown Jr.: a gift.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's a gift to fake.
Lashon Brown Jr.: It's a gift to fake.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You do relate to David.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm just playing, just so you know.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I have that gift.
Lashon Brown Jr.: You got that gift.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I just don't have the other one
Pastor Brent McQuay: where you can actually sing. Well, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: just have the gift where you can
Pastor Brent McQuay: sing badly. That's my gift.
Lashon Brown Jr.: That's hilarious.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, gosh.
Lashon Brown Jr.: But, yeah, so. So I. I would
Lashon Brown Jr.: say I hit myself.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Wow.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Because I. I didn't want to be.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Honestly, I didn't. I didn't want to
Lashon Brown Jr.: do ministry. I saw the. The background.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I saw the. The struggles. I saw
Lashon Brown Jr.: my dad. Sometime I felt he would
Lashon Brown Jr.: pick ministry over us. He would go
Lashon Brown Jr.: to hospital. I wanted him to be
Lashon Brown Jr.: at a game or something. I gotta
Lashon Brown Jr.: go pray for you, know what I'm
Lashon Brown Jr.: saying? So unintentionally, I ran from the
Lashon Brown Jr.: call. And so fast forward high school,
Lashon Brown Jr.: that's when I really got serious with
Lashon Brown Jr.: my walk with God. He began to
Lashon Brown Jr.: transition me off drums to leading worship.
Lashon Brown Jr.: And so, like, emotion, I'm just playing.
Lashon Brown Jr.: You got promotion? Yeah, man. I really
Lashon Brown Jr.: felt God calling me to do. To
Lashon Brown Jr.: do ministry and to do things and
Lashon Brown Jr.: started getting prophetic words. God would show
Lashon Brown Jr.: me things in my dreams and of
Lashon Brown Jr.: leading worship. This is so crazy, and
Lashon Brown Jr.: I hope this happens. People probably Gonna
Lashon Brown Jr.: think I'm crazy. I remember seeing, like,
Lashon Brown Jr.: when I was younger, I was like,
Lashon Brown Jr.: in the middle of a football field.
Lashon Brown Jr.: It almost looked like Super Bowl. And
Lashon Brown Jr.: it was just worship. It was like,
Lashon Brown Jr.: so powerful. It was like hundreds of
Lashon Brown Jr.: thousands of people worshiping. And it was
Lashon Brown Jr.: such a powerful sound that the stadium
Lashon Brown Jr.: was literally shaking.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, wow.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Like this. And so those are things
Lashon Brown Jr.: that I have dream, like I've dreamed
Lashon Brown Jr.: about, that I have goals to see
Lashon Brown Jr.: and stuff like that. But in that,
Lashon Brown Jr.: because I was shown that I was
Lashon Brown Jr.: like, man, where is it, like, you
Lashon Brown Jr.: showing me these things? Like, where's the
Lashon Brown Jr.: things God, that you're showing me? And
Lashon Brown Jr.: God was hiding me, man. And I
Lashon Brown Jr.: began to study on David, go back
Lashon Brown Jr.: to David and how David was picked
Lashon Brown Jr.: to be king. And he didn't go
Lashon Brown Jr.: right into kingship and say he went
Lashon Brown Jr.: right back.
Ti'heasha Beasley: He went back into the field.
Lashon Brown Jr.: He got anointed to be king and
Lashon Brown Jr.: then went right back to the field.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, I love that moment. Like, literally.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Cuz, like, when they anoint you with
Pastor Brent McQuay: oil, like, it was like a pouring
Pastor Brent McQuay: of oil. So he's like drenched oil.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And then he's like, all right, where'd
Pastor Brent McQuay: my staff go? Like, I guess I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: going back out in the field. All
Pastor Brent McQuay: oily.
Lashon Brown Jr.: All oily sheep.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Come here. Drenched in oil.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Hey, that's pretty. That's the new shirt.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Drenching oil.
Lashon Brown Jr.: That's the new merch.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oily.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You're so oily.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You're so oily. But it doesn't mean
Ti'heasha Beasley: you're stuffing into, like, the, this grand
Ti'heasha Beasley: position you're stepping into, like, servanthood, which
Ti'heasha Beasley: has been a theme of, like, what
Ti'heasha Beasley: God has kind of shown you. Pastor
Ti'heasha Beasley: Brent, like, even with all of this
Ti'heasha Beasley: sermon series, I, I, I was looking
Ti'heasha Beasley: over, like, notes for the podcast, and
Ti'heasha Beasley: I was like, the theme has been
Ti'heasha Beasley: servanthood. And really, like, that is what
Ti'heasha Beasley: discipleship is. It's not necessarily becoming this
Ti'heasha Beasley: grand disciple so you can step into
Ti'heasha Beasley: this grand role. It's man becoming this
Ti'heasha Beasley: grand disciple and following after Christ and
Ti'heasha Beasley: becoming the least.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Of them, you know, so Matthew, Mark,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and John. I don't think it's in
Pastor Brent McQuay: Luke, but I think Matthew, Mark, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: John all have Jesus's quote of, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: didn't come to be served, but to
Pastor Brent McQuay: serve. And so if Jesus is our
Pastor Brent McQuay: role model, like Jesus as disciples, we're
Pastor Brent McQuay: trying to become more like the one
Pastor Brent McQuay: we're discipled under. Yeah, we're trying to
Pastor Brent McQuay: become more like Jesus. If Jesus own
Pastor Brent McQuay: words were, I didn't come to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: served, I came to serve. Like, why
Pastor Brent McQuay: would we come to be served.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It didn't make no sense.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I. I just feel like it's
Ti'heasha Beasley: so. Because I do feel like Disciples
Ti'heasha Beasley: Church raise up amazing leaders. Just from
Ti'heasha Beasley: what I've been, like, seeing and being
Ti'heasha Beasley: here for over, man, almost 10 years
Ti'heasha Beasley: now. But I think that comes from
Ti'heasha Beasley: the heart of, like, the pastors are
Ti'heasha Beasley: all about serving. I don't. I think
Ti'heasha Beasley: I shared this before when I first
Ti'heasha Beasley: came here. I think we joined at
Ti'heasha Beasley: the time it was Christian Life center
Ti'heasha Beasley: because it was a missions dinner. And
Ti'heasha Beasley: we were standing in line, and I
Ti'heasha Beasley: turned around, and Pastor Jerry was standing
Ti'heasha Beasley: behind me with a plate to get
Ti'heasha Beasley: his own food. And I was like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: david, the pastor is fixing his own
Ti'heasha Beasley: plate. Because, you know, how we grew
Ti'heasha Beasley: up.
Lashon Brown Jr.: You move out, the way you sit.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And you sit in your chair and
Ti'heasha Beasley: you get served. But when I saw
Ti'heasha Beasley: him fixing his own plate, it rocked
Ti'heasha Beasley: me. Like, this is what it means
Ti'heasha Beasley: to be a leader. You're. You become
Ti'heasha Beasley: a servant leader. You become, like, it's
Ti'heasha Beasley: not about that title or this grand
Ti'heasha Beasley: position, but it's about, sir. It's about
Ti'heasha Beasley: serving the people you have and doing
Ti'heasha Beasley: it faithfully. Like, so. I don't know.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What I love is that. That's. That
Pastor Brent McQuay: was my foundation. Like, that's. That's my
Pastor Brent McQuay: dad.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so, like, that's all I knew.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So, like, the idea of the pastor
Pastor Brent McQuay: sitting separate and having people, like, come
Pastor Brent McQuay: and bring, like, that just is, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's dumb. Like, what is that?
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's been it all my life. Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like. Like, that would be a foreign
Pastor Brent McQuay: concept for me. Just because it's not.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's not part of our history.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So in our DNA, we serve here.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yep.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That is our DNA.
Lashon Brown Jr.: That's what attracted me to D.C. yeah.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Came for first love. And the worst
Lashon Brown Jr.: release at the time was Katie and
Lashon Brown Jr.: Derek. And I remember I was like,
Lashon Brown Jr.: where's the pastor? It was, oh, he's
Lashon Brown Jr.: right there. And by this time, I
Lashon Brown Jr.: had passed by Pastor BRENT probably about
Lashon Brown Jr.: five, 10 times. Five to 10 times.
Lashon Brown Jr.: And I said, that's the pastor. It
Lashon Brown Jr.: was like. He was like, yeah, like,
Lashon Brown Jr.: PB was. I think he helped get
Lashon Brown Jr.: some stuff off stage. Like, it was
Lashon Brown Jr.: just. It was just amazing. And that
Lashon Brown Jr.: blew my mind, you know what I'm
Lashon Brown Jr.: saying? Because like you said growing up,
Lashon Brown Jr.: no, you're not touching anything. You know
Lashon Brown Jr.: what I'm saying? So it was like,
Lashon Brown Jr.: wow, this is what Jesus did.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Lashon Brown Jr.: You know what I'm saying? Jesus was
Lashon Brown Jr.: out there. He was hand and feet,
Lashon Brown Jr.: you know what I'm saying? Out there
Lashon Brown Jr.: serving, you know, catering to the Believers,
Lashon Brown Jr.: and he wasn't holier than thou. And
Lashon Brown Jr.: so it just, I was like, wow,
Lashon Brown Jr.: I need to learn more about this
Lashon Brown Jr.: church, man. Now, you know, it's crazy
Lashon Brown Jr.: how God just does things, man. But
Lashon Brown Jr.: yeah, I would say thank you, man.
Lashon Brown Jr.: All you guys, Jerry, Pastor Jerry, Pastor
Lashon Brown Jr.: Chris, you guys are true examples of
Lashon Brown Jr.: how Christ walked. Walked on the earth
Lashon Brown Jr.: and stuff.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, so sweet.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I'm not being sentimental. I know I'm
Lashon Brown Jr.: light skinned.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I like to. I'm not what you
Ti'heasha Beasley: say.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I know I'm light skinned. I'm not
Lashon Brown Jr.: being light skinned.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So I'll get into colorism on the
Ti'heasha Beasley: sleeves.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm gonna stay out of that conversation
Pastor Brent McQuay: for obvious reasons.
Ti'heasha Beasley: All right, let's, let's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Where are we? What's happening here?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay. No, no, I think that was
Ti'heasha Beasley: a good, A genuine moment because it
Ti'heasha Beasley: was. It was kind of talking about
Ti'heasha Beasley: where we are with the story of
Ti'heasha Beasley: David. Yeah, I like how when you
Ti'heasha Beasley: opened and you say you related to
Ti'heasha Beasley: David also because there were some things
Ti'heasha Beasley: you struggled with on your walk. Pastor
Ti'heasha Beasley: Brent posed a question during your. During
Ti'heasha Beasley: the sermon yesterday, and I believe I'm
Ti'heasha Beasley: going to read it because the.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The question was first, second or third
Pastor Brent McQuay: question.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You posed a lot of questions.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I did. About the questions. I don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: give people answers. I just make them
Pastor Brent McQuay: question things.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Make some questions.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Make. Question everything. Okay. It was about
Ti'heasha Beasley: the conviction part. So when you are.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Convicted, when God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Convicts you, do you resist or do
Ti'heasha Beasley: you repent? So when you were in
Ti'heasha Beasley: that place, on your road to. To
Ti'heasha Beasley: your calling, do you feel like that
Ti'heasha Beasley: was something you easily acknowledged and, and
Ti'heasha Beasley: gave to the Lord? Or was it
Ti'heasha Beasley: something you had to kind of work
Ti'heasha Beasley: through?
Lashon Brown Jr.: Something I had to work through, man.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I wrote a song. It's called Change
Lashon Brown Jr.: Me.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Of course you did.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I wrote a song called Change Me.
Lashon Brown Jr.: And the song was a song that
Lashon Brown Jr.: God gave me. In the middle of
Lashon Brown Jr.: the night, I just remember watching pornography,
Lashon Brown Jr.: which is something I had struggled with.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I was introduced to pornography as a
Lashon Brown Jr.: young kid by both friends and some
Lashon Brown Jr.: family members. And so it was a
Lashon Brown Jr.: huge struggle. I remembered I had just
Lashon Brown Jr.: got through watching horn and I felt
Lashon Brown Jr.: such condemnation, such shame in that moment.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I remember crying and I was like,
Lashon Brown Jr.: man, I just. I feel like I
Lashon Brown Jr.: keep trying. I go three months, good.
Lashon Brown Jr.: And come back around and just. You
Lashon Brown Jr.: know what I'm saying and everything. And
Lashon Brown Jr.: in that moment, Holy Spirit spoke to
Lashon Brown Jr.: me. I put on my guitar and
Lashon Brown Jr.: the first words came to my. To
Lashon Brown Jr.: my head was, I need you to
Lashon Brown Jr.: change me. Rearrange me. I can't do
Lashon Brown Jr.: it by myself.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Wow.
Lashon Brown Jr.: And so sometimes we try to do
Lashon Brown Jr.: things in our own strength, in our
Lashon Brown Jr.: own power, but it's through the power
Lashon Brown Jr.: of Jesus, the power of God, that
Lashon Brown Jr.: he can help us. You know what
Lashon Brown Jr.: I'm saying? God is just waiting for
Lashon Brown Jr.: us, literally, because the Bible says that
Lashon Brown Jr.: he's a gentleman. He's not going to
Lashon Brown Jr.: force himself on you, so he'll just
Lashon Brown Jr.: wait, like man. You know what I'm
Lashon Brown Jr.: saying? So it was something I had
Lashon Brown Jr.: to really come and realize, like, man,
Lashon Brown Jr.: I don't have to be condemned. God
Lashon Brown Jr.: loves me. And I feel like that's
Lashon Brown Jr.: something that the church can do better
Lashon Brown Jr.: at. Is preaching more about God's love
Lashon Brown Jr.: for us than finger pointing. I feel
Lashon Brown Jr.: like we could do better. I feel
Lashon Brown Jr.: like when we understand God's love, it
Lashon Brown Jr.: makes us not want to sin. When
Lashon Brown Jr.: I understood that I'm not just sinning
Lashon Brown Jr.: because I don't want to go to
Lashon Brown Jr.: hell, that just gave me fear versus
Lashon Brown Jr.: I don't want to sin because I
Lashon Brown Jr.: really love this. I love God. Like,
Lashon Brown Jr.: this is my friend. This is someone
Lashon Brown Jr.: I really care about. I want to.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Granted we all still struggle, but the
Lashon Brown Jr.: heart of saying, like, man, I messed
Lashon Brown Jr.: up today. I'm so sorry that I
Lashon Brown Jr.: hurt your feelings. You know what I'm
Lashon Brown Jr.: saying? So I think getting that perspective
Lashon Brown Jr.: as I got older really helped me
Lashon Brown Jr.: with my walk with Christ. Like, man,
Lashon Brown Jr.: we all on this journey to do
Lashon Brown Jr.: better, to be better, and to be
Lashon Brown Jr.: more like Christ. It's through the power
Lashon Brown Jr.: of Jesus and we got to realize
Lashon Brown Jr.: how much he loves us. It doesn't
Lashon Brown Jr.: matter what you do. He will leave
Lashon Brown Jr.: the 99 for the wine. Yeah, yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: There's something that people have to understand
Pastor Brent McQuay: is that sin doesn't cause you to
Pastor Brent McQuay: lose your salvation. The only thing cause
Pastor Brent McQuay: you lose salvation, from my understanding, would
Pastor Brent McQuay: be a rejection of salvation, rejection of
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jesus and sacrifice. But what sin does
Pastor Brent McQuay: do is it damages the relationship that
Pastor Brent McQuay: you have with, with God. And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: for me, it's like when. When Christians
Pastor Brent McQuay: are like, oh no, I sinned, now
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm gonna go to hell. It's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: no, no, like, calm down. Like, yes,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you sinned. Yes, that's bad. But not
Pastor Brent McQuay: because it sends you to hell now,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like you've been saved. If. If you
Pastor Brent McQuay: sinning after salvation caused you to now
Pastor Brent McQuay: lose your salvation, go to hell. That
Pastor Brent McQuay: means that salvation is not based on
Pastor Brent McQuay: grace, it's based on your works. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: there's too many scriptures about how it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: not based on the works, it's based
Pastor Brent McQuay: on his grace. And just like his
Pastor Brent McQuay: grace was there before you sin, it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: Thereafter, you sin too. But that does
Pastor Brent McQuay: not. And that's what I want people
Pastor Brent McQuay: to hear. That does not downplay the
Pastor Brent McQuay: significance of sin in our lives. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: sin is still vile evil. It's damaging
Pastor Brent McQuay: to you, even if you didn't take
Pastor Brent McQuay: it from a spiritual standpoint. The things
Pastor Brent McQuay: that the Bible describes as sin are
Pastor Brent McQuay: just not good for you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, you indulge in those things, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: it puts you in a bad path,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, for life. But more than anything
Pastor Brent McQuay: else, it damages the relationship the you
Pastor Brent McQuay: are trying to have with your creator.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And if you really love him, then
Pastor Brent McQuay: that should cause problems for you. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: if I know that I'm. I'm intentionally
Pastor Brent McQuay: doing something that's damaging my relationship with
Pastor Brent McQuay: my wife, if I actually love my
Pastor Brent McQuay: wife, I'm gonna ask for forgiveness for
Pastor Brent McQuay: that. I'm gonna try and change my
Pastor Brent McQuay: behavior around that thing. I mean, just
Pastor Brent McQuay: this morning, my wife looked at me
Pastor Brent McQuay: and she's like, why are you so
Pastor Brent McQuay: mean to me? I was like, where
Pastor Brent McQuay: did that come from? Like, I'm meeting
Pastor Brent McQuay: you. And she's like, this morning, as
Pastor Brent McQuay: I was getting ready, I'm like, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: were mumbling. I couldn't hear you. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: I was like, I don't. I can't
Pastor Brent McQuay: understand you when you're mumbling. And she
Pastor Brent McQuay: took that as offense. And so I
Pastor Brent McQuay: went and I took a shower, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm like, man, that was so dumb.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, why? She got a problem, finished,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the shower came out, and I said,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you know what, babe? I'm so sorry.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, it was. It was unintentional. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: wasn't trying to be short with you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I literally. I just couldn't hear you
Pastor Brent McQuay: when you mumbled, it's too early. You're
Pastor Brent McQuay: too sleepy. But I love you. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so, like, those moments, like, I was
Pastor Brent McQuay: like. When I realized that I'd done
Pastor Brent McQuay: something that hurt her, I wanted to
Pastor Brent McQuay: make it right. We should have the
Pastor Brent McQuay: same stance with God. When we do
Pastor Brent McQuay: something, we realize, man, this hurt him.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: This damaged the relationship that we're building.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, what can I do to make
Pastor Brent McQuay: that right? And I think that's where
Pastor Brent McQuay: David can say, or God can say
Pastor Brent McQuay: of David, you're a man after my
Pastor Brent McQuay: own heart. I was just thinking, because
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's. David is like, he sins big,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and Bathsheba is not the only sin
Pastor Brent McQuay: he has. You know, I talked about
Pastor Brent McQuay: how we need to trust, like, David.
Pastor Brent McQuay: There's actually a season in David's life
Pastor Brent McQuay: where he doesn't trust God. He has
Pastor Brent McQuay: a census taken so he can count
Pastor Brent McQuay: the number of soldiers he has and
Pastor Brent McQuay: everything, because he starts Thinking that the
Pastor Brent McQuay: battles that he's going to be fighting
Pastor Brent McQuay: are going to be won by how
Pastor Brent McQuay: many soldiers he has, not by God.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so, like, he screws up there.
Pastor Brent McQuay: He screws up with his kids on
Pastor Brent McQuay: multiple occasions. Like, it's. He's got a
Pastor Brent McQuay: lot of failures, but in. In all
Pastor Brent McQuay: of it, he just keeps going back
Pastor Brent McQuay: to God and he's like, forgive me,
Pastor Brent McQuay: help me. I want to be close
Pastor Brent McQuay: to you. Like, his heart, his desire,
Pastor Brent McQuay: his passion was to please God. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just a beautiful thing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, man.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I think he just. David is a
Lashon Brown Jr.: true example of just being. Being God's
Lashon Brown Jr.: child.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Just out of everything else, out of
Lashon Brown Jr.: my gift, my gifting, my title, everything,
Lashon Brown Jr.: it's just like, man, I'm God's child.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Lashon Brown Jr.: You know, and so it's just. Man,
Lashon Brown Jr.: that was beautiful.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Do you still love Melody? Even when
Pastor Brent McQuay: you tell her to do something, she
Pastor Brent McQuay: doesn't do it.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Oh, yes. I'm angry. You sure? You
Lashon Brown Jr.: better. But, man, it's like, I remember
Lashon Brown Jr.: when Melody was first born. Kids, man,
Lashon Brown Jr.: take your time with kids. But when
Lashon Brown Jr.: you have kids, it just. It gives
Lashon Brown Jr.: you a whole new perspective on how
Lashon Brown Jr.: God sees you. I remember being in
Lashon Brown Jr.: the hospital room just holding her, and
Lashon Brown Jr.: Holy Spirit spoke. God spoke to me.
Lashon Brown Jr.: This is how I see you. And
Lashon Brown Jr.: I just. I was weeping. I was
Lashon Brown Jr.: like, oh, my God. Because as soon
Lashon Brown Jr.: as I saw her, I was like,
Lashon Brown Jr.: wow. It's nothing she can do, nothing
Lashon Brown Jr.: she can say that'll make me not
Lashon Brown Jr.: love her. Like, she can do the
Lashon Brown Jr.: most craziest thing. And I'm a still
Lashon Brown Jr.: care.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I mean, at that stage, all she
Pastor Brent McQuay: did was cry and poop.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And you were like, I love you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I love you.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, that's it.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Literally. And that's literally how God sees
Lashon Brown Jr.: us, man. You know, so. Wow. I
Lashon Brown Jr.: just love God, man.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Man, that whole part, that segment was.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's just so much there because it's
Ti'heasha Beasley: like you said that grace component, that
Ti'heasha Beasley: knowing, like, this is the father, son,
Ti'heasha Beasley: or father, daughter relationship. And you're right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, you wish that more people understood
Ti'heasha Beasley: that. So I hope they got that
Ti'heasha Beasley: from the sermon yesterday. Like, got out
Ti'heasha Beasley: of all of his downfalls, you know,
Ti'heasha Beasley: God still chose him. God still loved
Ti'heasha Beasley: him and had used him greatly. And
Ti'heasha Beasley: I think that was one of the
Ti'heasha Beasley: biggest takeaways I got from it. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: know we're not on the takeaway part,
Ti'heasha Beasley: but.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And. And like. And like, sin is
Pastor Brent McQuay: still a big deal. Like, David still
Pastor Brent McQuay: faced consequences from his sin. His son
Pastor Brent McQuay: still died.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The kingdom was still divided. Like, there
Pastor Brent McQuay: was major consequences to David's sinning, but
Pastor Brent McQuay: it didn't change how much God loved
Pastor Brent McQuay: him.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And that's. That's what I want people
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, so please don't hear my words
Pastor Brent McQuay: and say, like, oh, Brent thinks sin
Pastor Brent McQuay: is no big deal. Like, sin is
Pastor Brent McQuay: a very big deal.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But it does not change God's love
Pastor Brent McQuay: for you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. Oh, that's good. Okay. I'm not
Ti'heasha Beasley: gonna land the plane yet. So we.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We. So what were the three points
Ti'heasha Beasley: that you had? You said, you gotta
Ti'heasha Beasley: serve like David.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Trust like David, and repent like David.
Ti'heasha Beasley: David. Yeah. So I think we did
Ti'heasha Beasley: kind of like, cover those aspects.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. And the trusting thing, like, we.
Pastor Brent McQuay: We've talked about that a little bit
Pastor Brent McQuay: here recently when we talked about anxiety.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, I think that that's the. That's
Pastor Brent McQuay: the big takeaway from the. The trusting
Pastor Brent McQuay: David. It's. You know, I think there's
Pastor Brent McQuay: so many times when we're trusting ourselves.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Trusting. Well, I've. I've got wisdom. I've
Pastor Brent McQuay: got understanding. I've got, you know, a
Pastor Brent McQuay: track record in this. I've got ability.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I've got all this stuff. But, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: even in those things, like, where is
Pastor Brent McQuay: your trust, really? In your own ability.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Because what if your ability fails?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, what if. What if your ability
Pastor Brent McQuay: is not enough in this situation? Don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: trust God. Like, that's. That's where our
Pastor Brent McQuay: trust really should be. And I love
Pastor Brent McQuay: that David's story, like, he does some
Pastor Brent McQuay: absolutely ridiculous things, right? Like, like, not
Pastor Brent McQuay: a bad way. Like in a. In
Pastor Brent McQuay: a great. Killing the lion and the
Pastor Brent McQuay: bear. Like.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, he's a great failure and a
Ti'heasha Beasley: great leader.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And everything.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Teenager. This teenager defeating a giant. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that's. That's amazing. And. And, like, I've
Pastor Brent McQuay: heard some people kind of downplay it
Pastor Brent McQuay: by talking about. Well, yeah, it's ranged
Pastor Brent McQuay: weaponry versus melee combat. Like, obviously, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: know, a gun's gonna beat a knife.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it's like, have you seen how
Pastor Brent McQuay: hard a shepherd can throw us a
Pastor Brent McQuay: stone? I'm like, yes, yes, yes, yes,
Pastor Brent McQuay: yes. That stone still hit him in
Pastor Brent McQuay: that soft spot spot right between the
Pastor Brent McQuay: armor.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, there's still a miraculous component to
Pastor Brent McQuay: this. And so, like, David does some
Pastor Brent McQuay: extraordinary things, but he's still trusting God
Pastor Brent McQuay: in all of those extraordinary moments. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so his trust wasn't his ability. It
Pastor Brent McQuay: was in. In God's.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah, that's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's where we need to be. And.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And we see that when David repeatedly
Pastor Brent McQuay: says, the Lord saves, the Lord delivers.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The. The Lord delivered me. Like, it's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's just repeated so much that it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, okay, obviously David wasn't like, I've
Pastor Brent McQuay: got this. Yeah, he was very much
Pastor Brent McQuay: saying, God's got this. Like, who's this
Pastor Brent McQuay: Philistine coming against God? He's not. Who's
Pastor Brent McQuay: this Philistine coming against me? No, no,
Pastor Brent McQuay: no. Who's this philistine coming against God?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, man, that's good. That's a whole
Ti'heasha Beasley: message within itself, man.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I love that part. Like, David was
Lashon Brown Jr.: upset. Yeah. Like, you. Like, you coming
Lashon Brown Jr.: at my Lord. You know what I'm
Lashon Brown Jr.: saying? Like, you. You saying crazy stuff.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's why he's like, I'm not just
Pastor Brent McQuay: gonna feed your body to the birds.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm gonna feed, like, the whole army.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, all of you guys are gonna
Pastor Brent McQuay: be bird food by the end of
Pastor Brent McQuay: this conversation. David was upset, and rightfully
Pastor Brent McQuay: so.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Lashon Brown Jr.: And then you see David, too, like,
Lashon Brown Jr.: seeing his biggest guy in front of
Lashon Brown Jr.: him. And David probably even seen him
Lashon Brown Jr.: as big because he knew how big
Lashon Brown Jr.: God was. He probably looking like, you
Lashon Brown Jr.: know.
Ti'heasha Beasley: He got some muscles. Your head is
Ti'heasha Beasley: really big, right?
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah, really big.
Ti'heasha Beasley: More space to hit you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: There's always so many big. I saw
Pastor Brent McQuay: a hilarious picture. Somebody. Somebody just posted
Pastor Brent McQuay: this. Where it was. It was a
Pastor Brent McQuay: bodybuilder standing next to, like, some regular
Pastor Brent McQuay: guys at a gym. And the bodybuilder
Pastor Brent McQuay: just looks so massive compared to the
Pastor Brent McQuay: people next to him. And then they
Pastor Brent McQuay: took another picture of the same bodybuilder
Pastor Brent McQuay: standing next to a group of guys
Pastor Brent McQuay: that are competing for, like, the World's
Pastor Brent McQuay: Strongest man competition. And he looks like
Pastor Brent McQuay: a child. Like, literally, it's the same
Pastor Brent McQuay: guy that just dwarfed everybody else. Now
Pastor Brent McQuay: all of a sudden, it looks like
Pastor Brent McQuay: a small child, and it's like, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: because when there's always somebody bigger. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: as big as Goliath was, guess what?
Pastor Brent McQuay: God's bigger.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, that's good. You always, like, quick
Ti'heasha Beasley: with the.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I have a lot of random things
Pastor Brent McQuay: in my head.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I believe it. I believe it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: One thing that I did want to
Pastor Brent McQuay: say, and I don't know if this
Pastor Brent McQuay: is going to be helpful for anybody
Pastor Brent McQuay: or what, but, like, in the message,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I talked about how David's failure didn't
Pastor Brent McQuay: disqualify him from his call. What I
Pastor Brent McQuay: want people to be able to hear
Pastor Brent McQuay: from that is the call is to
Pastor Brent McQuay: follow Jesus. There is some sin that
Pastor Brent McQuay: you could commit that would disqualify you
Pastor Brent McQuay: from a position. And so there are
Pastor Brent McQuay: some pastors right now that I kind
Pastor Brent McQuay: of alluded to in the message that
Pastor Brent McQuay: have sinned pretty big. And I would
Pastor Brent McQuay: say they are now disqualified. From that
Pastor Brent McQuay: place of ministry. Yeah, that's a legit.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's a real thing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Are you getting spicy on us?
Pastor Brent McQuay: A little bit. Okay, you told me
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be more spicy.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I need you to keep that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No, but this is just. This is
Pastor Brent McQuay: just something that was. It was in
Pastor Brent McQuay: the. In the moment, like I said.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Said it, and I could. It was
Pastor Brent McQuay: like I wanted to take five more
Pastor Brent McQuay: minutes to unpack it more so that
Pastor Brent McQuay: somebody didn't walk away with this. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: okay, I can. I can be the
Pastor Brent McQuay: CEO. What's the. What's the company? The.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The Coldplay concert, guy. Oh, like, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're gonna lose your job.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like a tank.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, whatever. It was like, guy lost
Pastor Brent McQuay: his job like he's having an affair.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's very public. This is damaging to
Pastor Brent McQuay: the company. Like, the same thing happens
Pastor Brent McQuay: in the church world. Like, yeah, when
Pastor Brent McQuay: the. When the pastor has an affair,
Pastor Brent McQuay: when the pastor embezzles money, when the
Pastor Brent McQuay: pastor does something wrong. There are consequences
Pastor Brent McQuay: to that. And so, like, we do
Pastor Brent McQuay: talk about restoration, and I am all
Pastor Brent McQuay: for forgiveness and grace and restoration. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think that when somebody sins, I guess
Pastor Brent McQuay: I should finish that thought first. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: the disqualification would be from the position,
Pastor Brent McQuay: not from the call to follow Jesus.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Right. So when I say that it
Pastor Brent McQuay: didn't disqualify David, it didn't disqualify him
Pastor Brent McQuay: from following, following God.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And that. That's the call. So if
Pastor Brent McQuay: we focus on that and not just
Pastor Brent McQuay: the position. So I think that when
Pastor Brent McQuay: you mess up, you will absolutely, 100%,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the goal is to be restored and
Pastor Brent McQuay: reconciled with God. That the relationship between
Pastor Brent McQuay: you and God, that's what has to
Pastor Brent McQuay: be 100%, that has to be restored
Pastor Brent McQuay: in, like, the ministerial position conversation. Restoration
Pastor Brent McQuay: to the local body of church is
Pastor Brent McQuay: a. Maybe I might even stretch towards,
Pastor Brent McQuay: hopefully, restoration to ministry in the same
Pastor Brent McQuay: capacity is a. Probably not for me.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So, like, maybe, but probably not. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think that's just where, yes, there's
Pastor Brent McQuay: grace, yes, there's forgiveness, but there's also
Pastor Brent McQuay: a level of accountability that needs to
Pastor Brent McQuay: be held. And so I'm saying that
Pastor Brent McQuay: as a guy who. I think I've
Pastor Brent McQuay: said this before on the podcast. I've.
Pastor Brent McQuay: When I was. Before I was 25,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I had three men that I called
Pastor Brent McQuay: my pastor. Two of the three had
Pastor Brent McQuay: a moral failure. Both of them didn't,
Pastor Brent McQuay: in my eyes, didn't go through the
Pastor Brent McQuay: restoration process properly. One of them, thankfully,
Pastor Brent McQuay: is in a place where he's restored,
Pastor Brent McQuay: doing good things. The other one, not
Pastor Brent McQuay: as much. And so this is just.
Pastor Brent McQuay: This is a very personal subject for
Pastor Brent McQuay: me. Yeah, but, yeah, I don't know
Pastor Brent McQuay: if that benefits anybody or if I
Pastor Brent McQuay: just went on a rant for no
Pastor Brent McQuay: reason.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But I do have questions, please. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: mean, no, I think that's. So one
Ti'heasha Beasley: of my questions I think will be
Ti'heasha Beasley: beneficial to the listeners is is this
Ti'heasha Beasley: something before, before they're in that position
Ti'heasha Beasley: or is this something while they're in
Ti'heasha Beasley: that position?
Pastor Brent McQuay: All of these examples were something that
Pastor Brent McQuay: happened after they were in the position.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think that, yeah. Stuff before the
Pastor Brent McQuay: position. For me it would probably depend
Pastor Brent McQuay: on was that before Christ or after
Pastor Brent McQuay: Christ. Because you could be in a
Pastor Brent McQuay: position five years after you got saved
Pastor Brent McQuay: and if something happened in that five
Pastor Brent McQuay: year window, I might say that, well,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that might disqualify you from. For ministry
Pastor Brent McQuay: or I would just have to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: very cautious.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: With that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: When it's stuff that happened pre Christ,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, I don't have as much issue
Pastor Brent McQuay: with that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, I don't, I don't hold you
Pastor Brent McQuay: accountable to the law when you didn't
Pastor Brent McQuay: know about the law.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: If that makes sense. Plus, we're not
Pastor Brent McQuay: under the law, we're under grace. So.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's, it's, it's hard
Pastor Brent McQuay: because that's a case by case. Like
Pastor Brent McQuay: it depends on the situation. You know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: if, if somebody was arrested for some
Pastor Brent McQuay: kind of sin with a minor and
Pastor Brent McQuay: we won't go into details, but I
Pastor Brent McQuay: would never hire that person for children's
Pastor Brent McQuay: ministry. Like, that would just be dumb.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, I think I agree.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Hopefully everybody would agree with that. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: if you're not agreeing with that, you
Pastor Brent McQuay: might have to have a conversation about
Pastor Brent McQuay: what's going on in your past. But.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, so, so I think that, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: a lot of it is, is case
Pastor Brent McQuay: by case and we're talking now in
Pastor Brent McQuay: like a ministerial.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Role and position. I think that, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's, it just. Yeah, yeah. If, if
Pastor Brent McQuay: you, if your name shows up on
Pastor Brent McQuay: a, on a registry, you're. We do
Pastor Brent McQuay: background checks.
Lashon Brown Jr.: So, like.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, we're not going to put you
Pastor Brent McQuay: around kids for your own benefit and
Pastor Brent McQuay: for theirs, like for your benefit. We
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't need to put you in temptation.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah, right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: For sure.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: This has got weird, weird conversations.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, it didn't. It's. It's yay, David
Ti'heasha Beasley: somebody. Right. He got all the, the
Ti'heasha Beasley: stuff going on and happening. But the
Ti'heasha Beasley: biggest thing we want you to focus
Ti'heasha Beasley: on is God's grace.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Thanks for salvaging that. That weird moment
Pastor Brent McQuay: we just had. All right. Trust like
Pastor Brent McQuay: David, serve like David and repent.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, I think it's a good time
Ti'heasha Beasley: to land that plane. We need to.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Can we have a jingo? You said
Ti'heasha Beasley: you were gonna make us a jingle.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah, we gotta make one.
Pastor Brent McQuay: All right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Gonna make it. But we need a
Ti'heasha Beasley: segment called land that plane. Like, people
Ti'heasha Beasley: actually like it. It's like, I like
Ti'heasha Beasley: when you say, land the plane. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: was like, you like when you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Say people, are you like earlier when
Pastor Brent McQuay: you were like, I'm people, and I.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Say it was two people. Yesterday. No,
Ti'heasha Beasley: it was two people that said it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Two people like to land the plane.
Ti'heasha Beasley: They like that I said, land the
Ti'heasha Beasley: plane. So we're gonna make it a
Ti'heasha Beasley: thing like, land that plane. Okay. Anyone?
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't think you have to do
Pastor Brent McQuay: it like that.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I would say, why is it a
Lashon Brown Jr.: chant?
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't know. It never was a
Pastor Brent McQuay: chant before.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's not gonna be.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You're so desperate to make things happen.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I am. I like to brand everything.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right? That's my mind. Like, let's turn
Ti'heasha Beasley: everything into a brand or a T
Ti'heasha Beasley: shirt. So when you were like, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: want to be in the middle of
Ti'heasha Beasley: the football field worship, I'm like, let's
Ti'heasha Beasley: make it happen, man.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I want that to happen too.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm like, can we move our first.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Love to the football field?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Maybe Lincoln way north? I don't know
Pastor Brent McQuay: if we're ready for, like, Soldier Field.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We can work our way up. He
Ti'heasha Beasley: didn't say the signs. He just said
Ti'heasha Beasley: he was in the middle of.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: All right, okay. So we're landing the
Pastor Brent McQuay: plane.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We're landing the plane. And what we
Ti'heasha Beasley: do do when we land the plane
Ti'heasha Beasley: is everyone give a takeaway from the
Ti'heasha Beasley: sermon. That kind of encourages our watchers.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm so watchers. People who are watching
Ti'heasha Beasley: online, tuning in. What is something we
Ti'heasha Beasley: could encourage them with with the sermon?
Ti'heasha Beasley: So are you ready, or you want
Ti'heasha Beasley: to start with Pastor Brent?
Lashon Brown Jr.: Yeah, we can go. I'll go out
Lashon Brown Jr.: to Pastor Brent.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. So this segment's always awkward when
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm the one that preached, because I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, all of it. Like, you need
Pastor Brent McQuay: all of this. I don't know. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think of the three points, I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: the one that I want people to
Pastor Brent McQuay: get the most is the repentance. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think we've talked a lot about serving.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think we talk a lot about
Pastor Brent McQuay: trusting God in situations. But I don't
Pastor Brent McQuay: want to get to a place in
Pastor Brent McQuay: our. Our church where we. We neglect
Pastor Brent McQuay: the repentance, the act of repentance that
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think should be very prominent in
Pastor Brent McQuay: our lives to be quick to repent.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think that maybe that that is
Pastor Brent McQuay: maybe one of the complications or downsides
Pastor Brent McQuay: of a Protestant church versus a Catholic
Pastor Brent McQuay: church. Like, Catholic church. Like, repentance is
Pastor Brent McQuay: built into the framework. Like, you have
Pastor Brent McQuay: to go to confession. And I'm not
Pastor Brent McQuay: saying you need to come and confess
Pastor Brent McQuay: your sins to me. I don't want
Pastor Brent McQuay: you to do that. But I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: that you do need to make repentance
Pastor Brent McQuay: an active part of your life. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so repentance is changing your mind. It's
Pastor Brent McQuay: turning from sin. It's not just being
Pastor Brent McQuay: sorry that you got caught. Like, David
Pastor Brent McQuay: wasn't just like, oh, no, I got
Pastor Brent McQuay: busted. This sucks. It was. He finally
Pastor Brent McQuay: had a moment to say, wow, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: really messed up. And I grieved God
Pastor Brent McQuay: and I grieved my relationship with him.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so I want people to have
Pastor Brent McQuay: that mentality that, hey, you do mess
Pastor Brent McQuay: up things, things happen. We're not perfect.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's hard to do this walk with
Pastor Brent McQuay: Christ in a manner worthy of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: calling, as Paul would say. And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: when we slip up, when we mess
Pastor Brent McQuay: up, we need to just be so
Pastor Brent McQuay: quick to run to God. And I
Pastor Brent McQuay: think I love. You know, there's another
Pastor Brent McQuay: psalm that talks about, search me and
Pastor Brent McQuay: know my heart. Point out anything in
Pastor Brent McQuay: me that offends you. Like, I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: that. That having even that mentality of.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's not just the moments with Bathsheba,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's the everyday God, was there something
Pastor Brent McQuay: today that I did? Like, maybe the
Pastor Brent McQuay: interaction with my wife this morning. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I didn't realize I had done anything.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And I honestly, I still don't really
Pastor Brent McQuay: think I did anything.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Just stop right there. But she felt
Ti'heasha Beasley: you're doing good by confessing.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But. But that's. Here's the thing. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: how she felt about the situation is
Pastor Brent McQuay: what really mattered. It wasn't my intention
Pastor Brent McQuay: or my heart behind it. It was
Pastor Brent McQuay: the fact that I. The way that
Pastor Brent McQuay: I was short with her, it was
Pastor Brent McQuay: a real thing. And so having those
Pastor Brent McQuay: moments with God where you say, search
Pastor Brent McQuay: me and know my heart, combining that
Pastor Brent McQuay: with Psalm 51, create in me a
Pastor Brent McQuay: clean heart. Oh, God, if we can
Pastor Brent McQuay: do anything today, let's do that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good. I love that.
Lashon Brown Jr.: How do I go behind that?
Ti'heasha Beasley: You have to.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's why you should always go first.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Always go first.
Lashon Brown Jr.: I think for me, one takeaway for
Lashon Brown Jr.: me is don't fear David's whole life.
Lashon Brown Jr.: We see. We may see, you know,
Lashon Brown Jr.: him having moments of weakness and stu
Lashon Brown Jr.: like that, but man, you just see
Lashon Brown Jr.: this guy and countless stories where he's
Lashon Brown Jr.: not fearful from the bears. I love
Lashon Brown Jr.: how you pointed that out. Like, say,
Lashon Brown Jr.: bears, lions. Like, it was more Than
Lashon Brown Jr.: one.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's just so silly to me.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Like, more than one. So he was
Lashon Brown Jr.: just not fearful. He encountered Goliath. He's
Lashon Brown Jr.: not fearful. And I just think us
Lashon Brown Jr.: as believers, we have to really get
Lashon Brown Jr.: in a place of not being fearful
Lashon Brown Jr.: and. And also to be. It's okay
Lashon Brown Jr.: to stand up for God. I loved
Lashon Brown Jr.: how David got angry, almost like Jesus
Lashon Brown Jr.: did in the temple. Like, he was
Lashon Brown Jr.: like, man, like, standing up for righteousness,
Lashon Brown Jr.: standing up for God. And like, man,
Lashon Brown Jr.: who is this guy talking about my
Lashon Brown Jr.: God? And so that requires relationship and
Lashon Brown Jr.: to know. To know God. To be
Lashon Brown Jr.: able to get that, you know, upset
Lashon Brown Jr.: that someone is, you know, doing your.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Doing your God dirty. So I said
Lashon Brown Jr.: dirty. Do you got dirty?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Doing your God dirty? That's another T
Ti'heasha Beasley: shirt, right?
Lashon Brown Jr.: But yes, I would say that to
Lashon Brown Jr.: not fear. Yeah. God is not giving
Lashon Brown Jr.: us spirit of fear, but the power
Lashon Brown Jr.: of love and the sound mind. And
Lashon Brown Jr.: so don't fear. We'll say that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, man. Okay. It was good.
Lashon Brown Jr.: It was good.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It was good.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Okay. Okay.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What you got, Ms. Beasley?
Ti'heasha Beasley: I have. They did such a great
Ti'heasha Beasley: job concluding. What do I have? No,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I would encourage you to go back
Ti'heasha Beasley: and re. Watch the. The message, even
Ti'heasha Beasley: if you were with us on Sunday,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I think it was. There's so many
Ti'heasha Beasley: nuggets, so many lessons there. But when
Ti'heasha Beasley: you go back this time and re.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Watch that sermon, ask God to start
Ti'heasha Beasley: revealing some things to you about this
Ti'heasha Beasley: message and what your takeaways are. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: think the biggest thing we want you
Ti'heasha Beasley: to leave with from this conversation is
Ti'heasha Beasley: that God loves you and he loves
Ti'heasha Beasley: you so deeply, despite anything that you
Ti'heasha Beasley: could do, no matter if your sins
Ti'heasha Beasley: were top tier, like David's, his love
Ti'heasha Beasley: for you, his love for you is.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Is so huge, and his grace is
Ti'heasha Beasley: sufficient. So just remember that you. There's
Ti'heasha Beasley: a lot of work for you to
Ti'heasha Beasley: do, and God is with you. So
Ti'heasha Beasley: we hope you enjoyed this episode. Thank
Ti'heasha Beasley: you, Lashawn, for being with us.
Lashon Brown Jr.: Thanks for having me.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, we really enjoyed the conversation. Thank
Ti'heasha Beasley: you, Pastor Brent, for such a great
Ti'heasha Beasley: message for us to talk about.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And don't thank me. Thank the Holy
Pastor Brent McQuay: Spirit.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Thank the Holy Spirit. Thank you, God,
Ti'heasha Beasley: for just everything that you do for
Ti'heasha Beasley: us. We hope you enjoyed this episode.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Let us know if you have any
Ti'heasha Beasley: questions or comments or concerns in the
Ti'heasha Beasley: chat. And until next week, we love
Ti'heasha Beasley: you and God bless.